LEXI: Are you sure
they're gonna have
something that fits?
ALLISON: It's notjust
a boutique. It's G.D.'s
bio-textile field lab.
Everything from
self-fitting
wedding dresses...
To maternity clothes?
It's a growth industry.
(SIGHS) So am |.
Nothing fits anymore.
Two beautiful mommies.
lnvis-Apparel, huh?
How'd you guess?
(SIGHS)
You can beta test
our latest prototype.
Oh, no, no, not me.
Just her.
So, I'm the guinea pig?
Well, second time around,
you get over the feeling
fat thing.
I still can't believe
I'm doing this again.
(SIGHS) Alone.
(STAMMERS) Oh, I'm sorry.
You're doing it alone, too.
But by choice.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Duncan is many
amazing things,
but the settling-down type
is not one of them.
(SIGHS) Sorry.
I have to go.
You have fun.
Here we are.
Trust me.
You're gonna
love it.
JO: Carter,
Allison called.
She's got a dispute
that she wants you
to deal with at G.D.
Apparently,
a couple of scientists
aren't seeing eye-to-eye.
There's a shocker.
Yeah. I'm on my way.
Whoa!
(TIRES SCREECHING)
JO: (ON PHONE)
Carter, are you okay?
Yeah, yeah,
someone's just
about to get
the mother of all
parking tickets.
You gotta be
kidding me.
Hello?
Anyone?
Crappy driver?
Oh, gee. Sorry.
(SIGHING)
You know,
with stores selling
sodas by the gallon,
there really should
be more rest stops
along the highway.
Not really my call,
but you can't park your car
in the middle of the road.
I didn't.
That would
be absurd.
Wow! I guess
I really had to go.
Yeah. I guess so.
Well, the universe
does things
for strange reasons.
But my gut tells me
explaining that to you
could be kind of
a time suck, so...
Ma'am, you sure
all you had to
drink was soda?
Are you sure
that you're
really a cop?
Yes. I'm a sheriff.
So, please move your car
before I have to cite you.
Okay, fine, butjust
for the record,
I didn't leave it there.
No, it probably
magically parked itself.
Well, you know,
stuff happens.
Most people
just ignore it.
You don't, by any chance,
need directions
out of town, do you?
I don't need anything,
thank you very much.
Have...
Have a nice day.
(CAR ENGINE STARTING)
Hmm.
ALLISON: (SIGHS)
Took you long
enough, Carter.
There is someone
who is driving me crazy.
Let me guess, a blonde
chick in desperate need
of a rest stop.
What? No. Him.
MARY-BETH: This is my lab.
You have absolutely no right.
Mary-Beth, you're standing
in the way of science.
I am standing in
the way of an idiot.
ALLISON:
Dr. Murray Drechmeyer.
He is a brilliant
theoretical physicist,
but lately,
he has veered off track.
DRECHMEYER: Sticks and stones,
Mary-Beth. Sticks and stones.
He seems to believe
that he has discovered
a paranormal disturbance.
He has locked his partner
out of the lab
and suspended all progress
on their project
while he protects
his discovery.
Please just get them
back to work.
I need their research
for something urgent.
Get it down!
CARTER: Dr. Drechmeyer.
How's it going?
Whoa, finally!
A man with a gun.
Don't be afraid
to use it.
(LAUGHS) Look,
there's plenty of time
for that later.
This is more important.
Uh, this?
(SIGHS) The TIRDs?
Look at them!
|'|| bite.
Thermal Imaging
Reactive Displacement.
I've never seen
levels like this.
This could be the
first documented case
of signals from
the spirit world.
Or the end of our funding.
Take your pick.
We can write
our own ticket
once we prove
the other side
really exists!
I am in the middle of
an important magnetic
field test.
Which could scare them all
away if you don't stop it.
Uh, enough.
Murray, you're gonna
have to let her back
into the lab.
(SIGHING CONTENTEDLY)
And
you're gonna have
to look for your ghost
someplace else.
Something's happening,
Shenﬁ.
If someone on the other side
is trying to communicate,
how can I just
ignore them?
Okay, Jo, check it out.
Pregnant.
Not pregnant.
(GASPS) Pregnant.
(LAUGHING)
lnvis-Apparel sure
can hide the goods.
(COMPUTER BEEPING)
Uh, so the baby's father
is Duncan, right?
Mmm-hmm.
Works for the World
Health Organization?
Yep. Saving the world,
one malaria-ridden
tsetse fly at a time.
Does he know
that you're here?
No. And before you judge,
we were only together
a couple of months.
And I'm not sure
he's the baby-having type.
Now's your chance
to find out. The, uh...
Lex?
Duncan?
VINCENT:
May I help you, miss?
Extra large diet, easy ice,
and you do have a bathroom?
Okay.
Uh, right
through there.
Okay, thank you.
You're welcome.
Hey, hon!
I really wish
you wouldn't do that.
What? Say hi?
Not you. Him.
Shenﬁ.
Just in time.
For what?
Spiritual event,
right here.
My TIRD meter
is going wild!
Hey, so is mine.
(WHISPERING)
He's scaring people.
Do something!
Yeah, sure. Murray,
why don't you take a seat
for a second, okay?
(TIRD METER BEEPING)
Listen, you gotta
stop with all these
commotions, okay?
Okay, did anyone
just see that?
Okay, what's going on?
DRECHMEYER:
My meter is spiking.
(GASPS) It's starting!
What is this,
an earthquake?
It's the TIRDs.
They're manifesting.
(CUTLERY CLATTERING)
Duck! Everybody down!
MAN: Get down!
Get down!
CARTER: You call this
a spiritual event?
(PEOPLE CLAMORING)
(STEAM HISSING)
Look out!
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(CAR HORN HONKING)
(GASPS)
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
Wow. Rough town.
I was right.
They're here.
You're sure there's
nothing in the kitchen
that could have caused this?
Expensive bottles
of spirits to
fly off the wall
like heat-seeking
missiles?
Spirits.
That's what they were.
Poltergeists.
Like that movie.
Only real.
Not real, and not helping.
Carter.
Dr. Blake!
You can't deny me now.
We had a visitation.
Even the sheriff
saw it happen.
Carter...
Tess!
(LAUGHING) Hi, Al.
You guys know
each other?
Oh, yes, uh,
Sheriff Jack Carter,
Tess Fontana.
(TESS EXCLAIMING)
Tess and I
are old friends.
Uh, nice to meet you.
Again.
(TESS CLEARS THROAT)
So, how old
are we talking?
Don't go there.
Uh, we shared an
apartment in Cambridge.
All right.
So, what's this, then?
You got a girls' weekend,
a baby shower?
Uh, we really
should get going.
TESS: Yeah.
But you're coming back,
all of you? Here? Tonight?
Look, these readings
are real.
Please, just give me
one chance to prove it.
I know I can make contact,
and I'll do it tonight.
And if you don't?
Then, you won't have
the Drech-man to kick
around anymore.
You know, some people
attribute occurrences
like this
to the Casimir effect.
Um, physical forces arising
from a quantized field
moving objects
through pressure.
So that's the answer?
The cashmere effect?
Well, it's one
possible answer.
I mean, you always have
to take into account
electricity and relativity,
not to mention the fact
that all objects are
primarily influenced
by a magnetic field.
Meaning ghosts
are magnetic?
Or...
Or someone's
using magnets
to make it seem like
there's ghosts.
(CHUCKLING) Right,
but who would
wanna do that?
CARTER: Now, you share
a lab with Drechmeyer.
Tell me, theoretically,
is it possible to use
magnetic energy...
I didn't do anything.
I wouldn't waste
another volt
on that man.
It is a good idea
to mess with him,
though.
I wish I had thought
of that before.
So, you like him?
Not anymore.
No, but you and
Murray Drechmeyer were
romantically involved.
We weren't
romantically anything.
We were married
for 12 years.
He was more interested
in his ghosts
than he was me.
Since I left him,
well, things have just
gotten out of control.
Have they?
Or is that
just a good way
to discredit him
so you can have your
project all to yourself?
He is the one who
is discrediting me.
Sheriff, ifl had wanted
to humiliate my ex-husband,
I would have done so
a long time ago.
I chose to move on.
I suggest you do
the same.
He's not on your level.
Carter? Just, uh,
give him a chance.
You'll like him
once you get to
know him.
Oh, no, no.
I meant your
clearance level.
Three PhDs, and he
thinks that I'm here
for a baby shower?
Which we'll totally have,
like, once I figure out
what you do at them.
Well, you are officially
here as a visiting member
of the staff.
And how many people know
the unofficial reason?
Just four, besides me.
Randolph, Wolfe,
Johnson and
Henry Deacon.
Wow. It's like
the Rolling Stones
of astrophysics.
You think you can
handle them?
Start me up.
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
(ZOE MOUTHING)
You look incredible.
You're glowing.
Oh, come on,
no one really glows.
Okay, look, Duncan,
when I asked for my stuff,
I didn't mean hand delivery.
But I had to come and see
you for an explanation.
You can't tell me
that two people
who spend a week
making love in the spray
at Victoria Falls...
Duncan, no,
you're right.
Oh, it was great,
but how well do we really
know each other?
You know, our hopes,
our dreams,
our reactions
to surprises?
Well, running off
to the other side
of the world
isn't exactly
a way to find out,
now, is it?
No, I know. Ijust...
Maybe our timing
was just off.
There's another guy?
(SIGHS) Something
like that, yeah.
Well, I appreciate
your honesty,
(MOUTHING)
and I'll respect
your wishes.
(MOUTHING)
After I meet him.
I'm not going
to a seance.
Okay. Well, then think
of it as a scientific
investigation.
Sorry, my crystal ball's
in the shop.
All right.
Um, I'll go.
But see what you
can find out about
Murray Drechmeyer.
Like is he crazy
or really crazy?
Like, what does
he have to gain
by proving that
Eureka's haunted?
(SIGHING) Right.
Spirits, we know
you're out there.
We're all friends.
We all believe.
Join us.
Join the circle.
Show us that you're here.
(DOOR OPENING)
(ALL EXCLAIMING)
(SOFTLY) Sorry.
So, that's a giant
TIRD grabber?
What?
Ghost whisperer.
Sometimes, thermal energy
is the final indicator.
Visitations are often
preceded by other signs.
(SOFTLY) They could be
all around us.
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
Drechmeyer.
Madame Drechmeyer. Hmm.
Madame Cornelia Drechmeyer,
the premiere medium
of her day,
has contacted more
than a thousand spirits
on the other side.
(LAUGHS)
Yeah.
(CUP SHATTERING)
Carter?
Spirits, come,
cross over from
the other side.
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
(ALL EXCLAIMING)
(SIGHS)
Sorry, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, my bad.
Sorry. Hey, Jo.
JO: (ON PHONE) Carter.
Get over here, now!
Jo?
Carter, look out!
They came!
Whoa! In the cell!
They heard me!
(GASPS)
Come on, come on.
The desk! Desk, desk!
I told you
they were here.
Yeah.
So, if you invited
them to Cafe Diem,
how'd they end up here?
I don't know.
But you gotta admit,
They showed up
when I called them.
Yeah, at the
wrong location.
In a totally
different building.
All right, so they zigged
when they should have zagged.
Look, think what
you want, Sheriff,
but I proved myself tonight
just like I said I would.
The Drech-man is
back in business.
The Drech-man?
There's gotta be
a reasonable
explanation for this.
Heat waves, uh,
St. Elmo's Fire.
What if Drechmeyer
has a reasonable
explanation?
Come on!
Murray's mother,
Madame Cornelia Drechmeyer,
has made a real name
for herself communicating
with the dead.
(SIGHS) Yeah, what if...
What if it's genetic?
All right, let's back-burner
the whole Addams Family thing
for a second.
What's that effect you
were talking about, the...
Casimir effect.
Yeah. What if that
had something to do
with it?
Well, not without
help, I mean,
the magnitude of apparently
what you guys saw here
would require some sort of
localized focusing device.
Like this one?
Or maybe these.
We've been finding them
all over town.
They're energy
displacement sensors.
They're part of
my research.
They record disturbances
in the barrier.
Are you sure they
didn't cause them?
Absolutely.
Murray, you can't
just install quantum
vibration sensors
outside of G.D.
without permission.
Well, you wouldn't
have given it to me,
and this was
too important.
Oh, which part, the science
or proving your mother
wasn't a fraud?
What did you tell him?
Admit it, Murray,
you're obsessed.
Do you know what it's like
when the other woman
in your relationship
is your husband's
dead mother?
Okay, this has to stop.
I'm suspending you
indefinitely.
(SIGHS) But...
Wait.
These sensors
came from our lab.
I designed them.
They're just receivers.
They couldn't have caused
any of these disturbances.
(SIGHS) Thank you, M.B.
Hope now you'll start
to believe me.
I've seen more activity
in the last three days
than I have in the
last three decades.
Look, something's out
there, Sheriff Carter.
(SIGHS) If we don't
help it cross over,
who knows
what it'll do.
His mother was
a drama queen, too.
I think Murray
may be on to something.
(LAUGHS) Oh, great.
So, now you believe
in ghosts?
Allison, the disturbances
didn't start until
three days ago.
Did something special
happen here three days ago?
Hmm?
We reopened Section Five.
Section Five?
I hate that section!
Well, it can't be
a coincidence that
Drechmeyer's vibe-finder
pinged off the charts
on the same day
that you took the lid
off Pandora's box.
Allison,
you gotta do something
before this gets worse.
Okay. Get in.
Now, you know that
I can't talk to you
about things that
happen down there.
CARTER: Yeah.
But I can tell you
that there is a new project.
Well, can you tell me
what it is?
Actually, I'm gonna
do better than that.
I'm gonna take you
to the most
knowledgeable source.
The new head
of Section Five.
You remember Tess.
You're the...
You're the new head
of Section Five?
I got bored after
I finished planning
the baby shower.
Carter needs some help
with an investigation.
There have been some
disturbing events
around town
that seem to coincide
with some of the labs
coming back online down here.
Yeah, and disturbing
kind of sums it up.
Just cooperate within
the parameters of security.
Play nice.
9%,;
Everything would
have been fine
if he just hadn't
shown up.
It wouldn't have been
fine, because you're
still lying to him.
Why haven't you told him
you're pregnant?
Because Duncan is a nomad,
and I'm liking the idea
of settling down here
with you guys.
I can't do that to him.
Gee, thanks.
(LAUGHS) No, I mean
I can't tie him down.
Well, maybe you should
let him decide that.
Good morning.
Hi.
Weren't you wearing
that yesterday?
Oh, yeah, look at that.
Oh, right. You stayed
at his place last night.
Right, so, uh...
So where is he?
Hmm? Um, that's a really
good question, Duncan,
one that deserves
an honest answer.
(SIGHING) The truth is,
he's, uh, right here.
Doug, sweetie, hi!
Come say "hi."
Hi.
Hi. Yeah. Um...
Duncan, this is Doug.
My boyfriend.
Uh, your what, now?
Yeah.
Just... He hates labels.
Nice to meet you, Doug.
So, how long have
you two been together?
Um, sometimes it feels
like forever, huh?
(CHUCKLES) And other
times it feels like
it's brand new.
Right! Anyway,
now that you
guys have met...
Well, no, hold on! No.
Doug, what do you do
for work?
Oh, um, artificial
intelligence, primarily.
Although I dabble in biotech.
Really? Because I've been
trying to integrate
biotechnological treatment
into my epidemiological work
in Third World countries.
Oh, yeah? Well,
there are some really
promising applications
in viral infections,
skin regeneration,
you name it.
Join us for breakfast.
Would you, please?
I would love to
pick your brain
and get to know the man
who stole Lexi's heart.
Oh, what a tangled
web we weave.
DUNCAN: There was a gentleman
I had with an abscess.
Well, what I've always
found useful...
It's been a pretty
uneventful tour so far.
Oh, you've been here
for three hours.
Do you have any labs
that are actually open?
(ROBOT WHIRRING)
There's a working lab
right behind me.
This one.
Don't bother.
Johnson said he'll be
traveling for a few days.
Oh, great,
then he won't mind
if we look around.
(BEEPING)
CARTER: So, what
happens in here?
APS. Alternate
Propulsion Systems.
(STAMMERING) Oh!
Like rockets
and whatnot.
Yeah. That would be
the systems
we already have.
(FAINT STATIC CRACKLING)
Well, what else is there?
You hear that?
Do you hear...
That tickles my teeth.
Hear that?
Yeah. Uh, the
field trip's over.
Back on the bus.
Let's go.
Oh!
Do you feel hot?
No.
(MUMBLING)
Sure. Yeah.
(MUSIC PLAYING ON HEADPHONES)
So, you sure you
didn't feel hot.
Nothing!
(SINGING) Working
at the car wash
(HUMMING)
Car wash, yeah
Well, at least someone's
not so uptight around here.
Yes.
Mmm-hmm.
Car wash
(HUMMING)
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGS)
Car wash
(CLEARING THROAT)
See you around, Sheriff.
Yeah.
Henry!
Hey! Just so you know,
they've reopened
Section Five,
and I think it might be
related to the disturbances
we've been having.
Hey, Fargo.
lchecked.
Everything is fine.
The disturbances
don't have anything
to do with the signal.
ALLISON: Oh, good.
But the signal
is getting stronger.
Interesting.
Okay, how long...
Signal?
What signal?
Fargo, you know anything
about a signal?
Dr. Rogers,
it's Go Green month.
We need to talk.
Fargo! I was
talking to you!
It's about your lab's
excess energy consumption.
Fargo!
DRECHMEYER: I'm detecting
a high level of spirit
activity in here.
Dr. Drechmeyer.
Hey. That's
a strong one.
It's me.
What spirit activity?
Hello?
Hi.
Hey.
Ma'am? Hi.
Can anyone see me?
TESS: I do.
Tess.
No one sees me either.
Whoa!
Do that again!
Are we dead?
Was there a feeling?
Any sensation?
No, I don't know.
It happened real fast.
Okay. I gotta try this.
(TESS GASPS)
Holy...
We can't physically interact
with anything in here.
Do you have any idea
what this means?
No! I don't!
The universe is revealing
one of its secrets to us.
Do you know how
rare that is?
I mean, this could be
right up there
with relativity,
with Prometheus...
Tess.
We could be dead.
Touch me.
Oh, just come here.
You satisfied?
In what way?
If we can feel each other,
how can we be dead?
And why aren't there any
other dead people around
here besides us, huh?
How do you know
there aren't?
Hey! Calling
all dead people!
Club meeting in
the rotunda!
See?
CARTER: Okay.
Okay, so...
If we're not ghosts,
then...
(STAMMERING)
What, could it be
the cashmere effect?
Overpaying for
a sweater, are we?
Yeah, overpaying
for a sweater.
Yeah, Casimir effect,
yes, I know.
1948 theory out of Holland
that empty space
is actually teeming
with fleeting particles
and electromagnetic fields.
And sometimes
in dangerous situations,
people use humor
to alleviate tension.
It's a communications skill.
That's my field, actually.
Well, one of 'em.
I mean,
I'm actually kind of
an expert in a number of...
Tess. Tess. Tess!
...some things. Yes?
What skill are we
gonna use to find
out where we are?
Nobody can see
or hear us.
I have no idea.
Well, we rode
the elevator.
With karaoke mail guy.
Right.
I think bald spots
are really sexy on
some guys, don't you?
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGS)
You talk a lot.
I told you,
I'm a communicator.
Fantastic. Then tell me
what you're doing here
in Section Five.
Not my information
to share.
And irrelevant to
the current pickle
we're in.
Oh, well, pickles
are my field,
and they usually
lead straight to
some G.D. project.
See? Just by using
the word "pickles,"
you momentarily
relieved my tension,
allowing me to refocus
on solving our problem.
Yeah.
Okay, so...
We were still here
before we went in
there, right?
(STAMMERS) The mail guy
talking to us. Remember?
Yes.
So whatever happened...
Happened in there.
Right.
Uh-huh.
He said that Johnson
was traveling.
Uh, I was here.
You were standing there.
(STAMMERS) Oh, right.
I came over here.
Walked over here.
We had our hot flash.
Right. Right,
you tripped on...
Whoa.
This is in here
with us.
And this looks like
a mini version of that.
(SIGHING)
All right, what else
is in here with us?
Tequila.
If fate were kind.
(CHUCKLES)
CARTER: How about a body?
That wasn't here before.
(TESS SHUSHING)
What have you got?
Is he dead?
No. Not dead yet.
Not on vacation either.
It's H.J. Johnson?
Yeah, the traveler
who runs this lab.
Okay, his heart rate
is stable.
Oh, he looks dehydrated.
What are those burn
marks on his skin?
(SIGHING) They're pretty...
They're pretty superficial.
Well, whatever
happened to him really
knocked him out.
(SIGHING)
What is that thing
you tripped over?
It's gotta have something
to do with this, right?
Portable re-entry pad.
For what,
like a spaceship?
Or for us.
Could this have
done that to him?
Only if he didn't have it
calibrated properly.
Hold on. You know
what happened to us?
(STUTTERING)
I have a theory.
Well, who the hell
am I gonna tell?
Okay, fine. You ready?
The fifth dimension.
(STUTTERS) The actual
fifth dimension?
Yeah. H.J.'s baby.
Interdimensional travel.
He must have figured out
how to cross over
using his p-branes.
Well, that cleared it up.
The theoretical
membrane barriers
between all dimensions
are called p-branes.
Seriously?
What? Science can't have
a sense of humor?
Yeah. Fair enough.
It's all based on
string theory.
Certain levels of
subatomic vibration
can unweave the p-brane,
allowing for
interdimensional travel.
Okay, so
the platform things?
Well, looks like
H.J. figured out
how to cross over,
but knew that he couldn't
physically interact
between dimensions
once he got here,
so he built a portable
version as a way to get back.
That clearly didn't work.
Well, the p-brane's
kind of like a curtain.
If you don't pierce
through it,
you're just gonna
make it wiggle.
And maybe bump into what's
on the other side.
Tess, we can be the spirits
that Drechmeyer notices.
You're smarter
than you dress.
Yeah.
What?
CARTER: So, you're gonna
try to make contact
with Murray by talking?
TESS: It's as good
a theory as any.
You sure you know
how this thing works?
Well, I'm hoping
it's kinda like
Dance Dance Revolution.
I'm really good at that.
And if you're right,
as soon as I turn
this thing on,
Dr. Spooky's machine
should be able to
pick up the vibrations
from the p-brane,
and we might be able
to communicate.
So, for the last three
days, Murray's been
communicating with H.J.?
Yeah, whenever H.J.
tried to get back over,
it shook the p-brane
hard enough to set
this guy's dials off.
(SIGHS) Okay.
Let's see if
we can do it again.
Wait! What if you
end up like H.J.?
H.J. had it dialed up
to a heavy load.
I'm starting at lingerie.
Gentle cycle...
Forget it.
Okay.
Are your teeth tingling?
Mmm. Kind of.
Hey, look at that.
Murray?
Murray!
Wow!
BOTH: One, two,
three. Murray!
(MACHINE BEEPING)
He heard us.
Not really.
But if it makes
you feel better.
Murray,
you gotta turn on
the ghost whisperer
so that we can
communicate.
(GRUNTS)
I can feel you, Mother.
(POWERING UP)
If you're here,
give me a sign.
BOTH: We're here!
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
She's alive!
Murray!
Who's alive?
My mother.
On the other side.
I made contact.
And I realize that the 2,000
wasn't nearly as powerful
a machine as I needed,
so I made some
adjustments.
Murr, are you crazy?
Do you have any idea
how much power this
electromagnet carries?
Yeah. Enough to
cross her over.
This boost could be the
thing that gets us back
to the third dimension.
H.J.: Wait!
It could kill us all!
H.J.?
Hello!
Sheriff, I don't know
how the two of you
got in here,
but you don't know
what you're doing
with that thing.
The p-brane is sensitive,
and I haven't
perfected re-entry.
It knocked me clean out
last time I tried it.
It's this idiot
and his receptor
interfering with
my oscillations.
If he turns
it on again...
DRECHMEYER: Mother.
Come to us.
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
Get off, now!
(WOMEN SCREAMING)
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
Okay, no more chances.
Give me your badge
and turn your equipment
and all your research
over to Dr. Curtis.
(STAMMERING) But it worked.
There was someone there.
No, Murray, your device just
fried a multimillion-dollar
electromagnet.
There is no one
on the other side.
Except us.
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
Your idea of help
was a Ghostbuster?
Well, a theoretical physicist
who veered off track...
Lord knows what
kind of vibration
that charge set off.
A p-brane wave
of that magnitude
could grow to
dangerous proportions.
You weren't ready for
a space jump yet, H.J.
I wasn't gonna wait
for some lady ham radio
operator from SETI
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGS)
to come in and take
all the credit.
CARTER: Guys!
So, you were saying
something about
a space jump?
Yeah, between the third
and fifth dimensions.
I made it in
no problem.
Re-entry's proving
to be more difficult.
Atomic fire.
(STUTTERS) Oh, like when
the space shuttle loses
a couple of heat tiles.
Yes. Something like that.
We need to get back down
to Section Five so I can
recalibrate this thing.
CARTER: There's
no physical interaction.
So, we're stuck
until someone
presses the button.
ZOE: So, that's it?
You're not in
love with him?
LEXI: Are you kidding me?
When I first met him,
I knew in 10 seconds
that I loved him.
So, what's the problem?
(SIGHING) What if
he doesn't love me?
The guy came all
the way from Africa
(SIGHING)
to bring you
a box of yourjunk.
I mean,
if that's not love,
I don't know what is.
Okay, so what
if he loves me,
but what if he doesn't love
pregnant me, you know?
This guy,
he builds clinics,
he saves villages.
He knows Bono.
I just...
I don't want him
to feel trapped,
you know?
There's only one way
you're gonna find out.
Can Ijust send him
a birth announcement?
MAN: Watch out!
(MAILBOX CRASHING)
(GASPS)
That's no good.
MARY-BETH:
Things are getting
worse around town.
I thought Murray's
journals could help.
All these calculations
are his?
Yes. He never let me
look at them.
Actually, I've never
really paid attention.
When your husband
goes off the deep end...
You try not to
fall in with him.
Hmm. Before he became
obsessed with his spirits,
we were conducting research
on vibratory p-brane
manipulation.
Dimensionality?
Yeah.
What if his crazy
ghost-hunting was...
An actual scientific
breakthrough?
Uh, p-branes, shaking
between dimensions,
Carter's flying
espresso machine?
Wow.
(GASPS)
You know what?
Let's go.
Where?
(STAMMERS) I know a person
who actually works
with p-branes.
(BEEPING)
H.J., your oscillations
seem steep.
If I wanted your opinion,
I would have asked for it.
Why do you have
such a problem with me?
The whole scientific community
has a problem with you.
Oh, why? Because
I disproved Cook and Moore's
half-baked theory
about fractals not needing
a Hausdorff dimension
greater than their
topological one?
Or because I told
a department head
at Heidelberg
that he totally needed
a better toupee?
I'm working here!
(SIGHING)
(TOOL CLINKING)
You really said that?
Duh. You can't screw
around with Hausdorff...
No. About the toupee.
Oh. Well, it looked like
he was walking around
with a ferret on his head.
As long as you're
trying to help, right?
And, look, if he doesn't
go easy on that p-brane
the next time through,
we're all gonna
light up like
the Jumbotron at Fenway.
Red Sox fan?
How do you think
I learned statistics?
Well, only math
regular people need.
I believe she just
insulted you, Sheriff.
Oh, that's okay.
Listen...
H.J., are you sure about
these oscillations?
This could be what...
I'm sure!
As long as my equipment's
running on the other side,
I'll be in vibratory sync
with the p-brane.
Once I've calibrated
it correctly,
I shall pass right through
the dimensional curtain
and collect my Nobel Prize.
ALLISON: This is
Johnson's lab.
According to Fargo,
he's traveling
for a few days.
Deacon, what the hell
is he doing here?
Traveling? Then why
are his instruments
reading out?
Is that what
I think it is?
It's an electromagnetic
force field generator.
On steroids.
Ifthis has been running
the whole time
that H.J. has been gone,
it could be what's been
causing the disruption
in the p-brane all along.
Murray's technology wasn't
causing anything bad.
It was reading the vibration
from H.J.'s technology.
I think we found
Carter's ghost.
You are awesome!
We have to
shut it down.
H.J.: But that
electromagnet is
our only way out!
CARTER: That's not good!
We have to go now!
No, H.J., you can't.
You haven't finished
calibrating!
Don't tell me how to
work my own device!
It's ready. Besides,
he shuts down
my equipment,
and we won't get
another chance.
How long will it take?
It'll take a while.
Not like there's
an on/off switch,
thank God.
Mary-Beth and I
have to figure out
the exact vibratory
coordinates.
On it.
H.J., let me
help you do that.
If it were anyone else
but Deacon we'd have
more time.
(H.J. SCREAMING)
Stop, stop, we must be
doing something wrong!
The p-branes wave
are getting stronger.
(CONTINUES SCREAMING)
Tess, you can't!
You can't.
(PANTING)
ALLISON: (ON PHONE)
How does it look
out there, Jo?
Get inside, people!
I'd say it's pretty bad.
Henry's working on it.
Just try to keep
people safe.
WOMAN:
...where it's going!
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
Tell Carter I've got
everything under control.
(STAMMERS) Carter?
Isn't he with you?
Do I even have to
ask what's gonna
happen to us
if they turn off
H.J.'s machine before
you get us back?
(SIGHING) Do I even
have to answer?
CARTER: Forgive this,
but the way his body
skid across the floor,
I guess I owe you
an apology.
TESS: What?
I guess you didn't
park your car in the
middle of the road, huh?
Huh?
The skid marks.
I mean, I should have
known when I saw them.
There's no way you skidded
your car sideways.
Sideways.
But the p-branes
do move sideways.
What?
H.J.'s oscillations
were too steep.
I...
What does that mean?
It means that
H.J.'s aim was way off,
and you need to
make sure they don't
turn that machine off,
because I know
what to do now.
We have to
recalibrate this thing.
Now, we're getting closer.
Just a few more minutes
and then we'll shut
this thing down.
Hello, remote calibrator.
The G.D. chopper
had an accident.
What? I grounded
all air traffic.
It flew off the helipad.
Fargo, get over there
and man that terminal.
How you doing?
Uh, more time.
Come on, Sheriff,
do something.
Hey, bad news about
the p-brane wave.
It's growing and
spreading across town.
Henry, push the button.
We're not ready yet.
It's delicate.
That's it!
Can you do to this
what you did before
in Drechmeyer's lab
with the gentle cycle?
(STAMMERING) Yeah,
I think so, but why?
Well, because if Allison
knows we're in here,
then she won't turn off
the platform.
Yeah, but she can't
see or hear you, so...
She can feel me.
What?
Like the way
we felt the heat
and the way Murray
felt his mother.
It's all energy, right?
It all depends on how...
On how you shake
the p-brane.
Right.
All right, hop on.
I'll set the platform's
power to 50%.
Allison.
Henry, hurry.
It's getting
hot in here.
Yeah, hold on.
CARTER: You have
to stop Henry.
Okay?
Don't turn it off.
Henry, I'm...
Try and hold her longer.
Tess and I are here.
Don't lose us!
Henry, Henry, stop.
Don't turn it off.
You all right?
Yeah, I'm just feeling
really warm.
She felt me.
I've got the
vertical holding.
Wait, wait, stop!
Carter and Tess,
I sent them down
here hours ago.
I don't understand.
I don't either.
I just know that we
can't turn that thing off
until we find them.
Way to go, Carter!
She believed you!
Guys, you have to see this.
It's a projection of
the p-brane wave.
Right now it's just
here in Eureka,
but if we
don't calm it down,
Portland, Seattle, L.A.
TESS: Not good.
(SIGHS)
Damn, Carter...
HENRY: Allison,
the wave is growing!
We must act now.
ALLISON: Okay.
Turn it off.
Oh, crap. You done
with that thing yet?
As done as I'll ever be.
But we're only gonna get
one shot at this.
You ready?
All right, here we go.
ALL: Three, two, one!
(PEOPLE EXCLAIMING)
(CAR HORN HONKING)
What the...
FARGO: The wave
is dissipating.
Okay.
We've shut it down.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Oh.
Hello?
CARTER: Allison.
Carter, where
have you been?
Oh, it's a long story.
ALLISON: ls Tess with you?
Yeah.
Yeah, safe and sound.
But, uh...
We're gonna need a ride.
(SIGHING)
And a Nobel Prize.
Soon as I work
on my aim.
(GROANS)
Promise me you'll send
photos from Belize.
Absolutely.
Okay, you know what?
This is getting too weird.
He's so cool.
Yeah, hi.
He is.
So, I guess this is it.
I guess so.
Well, I wish
you and Douglas
all the best.
Thanks, Duncan.
Stop it.
For what it's worth,
you were the one.
I lied.
Excuse me?
I am a big lying liar
and you're perfect
and I don't deserve you.
Ready to tell me
what's really
going on now?
Douglas isn't really
my boyfriend.
I just told you that
because I couldn't
tell you the truth,
which was that
I missed you
every single day.
That's a relief,
because I think
he's gay.
(MOUTHING)
There's something else.
I probably should have
told you a long time ago,
but I was too afraid
that you'd freak out,
and the truth
is that I'm the one
who's been freaking out.
I figured you'd come
around if I was just
patient enough.
Okay.
So you're...
Yeah.
Twins.
So, what do you think?
I think I'm gonna have
to think about this.
Busy?
Oh. No. Just, uh,
clearing Drechmeyer
and Mary-Beth
to take over
Johnson's lab
in Section Five.
They're working
together now.
Long day, huh?
Yeah. But at least
I spent it in
one dimension.
(CHUCKLING)
You okay?
Yeah, I mean,
I thought
I was dead,
and I couldn't
communicate
with anyone.
Except you.
Carter, is there
something wrong?
You and Henry are
working on something...
A signal?
And then you invite
your friend from SETI,
the place where
they communicate
with out there.
And you put her in charge
of a secret project
in Section Five.
Carter, you know
that I can't talk
to you about this.
Well, Drechmeyer was
right about one thing.
Something's coming.
That's the signal,
isn't it?
Carter, I can't.
Well, you know
where to find me.
(SIGHS)